Row 1 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Message Corp.
Creating a new supplier: Message Corp.

Row 1 : OK
Row 2 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Message Corporation
Creating a new supplier: Message Corporation

Row 2 : OK
Row 3 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Silicon Valley Payroll
Creating a new supplier: Silicon Valley Payroll

Row 3 : OK
Row 4 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Message Corporation
Creating a new supplier: Message Corporation

Row 4 : OK
Row 5 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Megasoftware International
Creating a new supplier: Megasoftware International

Row 5 : ERROR
"Contract Name" cannot be blank
Row 6 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Deployment Solutions LLC
Creating a new supplier: Deployment Solutions LLC

Row 6 : OK
Row 7 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Giovanni's Cardboard Distributions
Creating a new supplier: Giovanni's Cardboard Distributions

Row 7 : OK
Row 8 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Timeshare Travels, LLC
Creating a new supplier: Timeshare Travels, LLC

Row 8 : OK
Row 9 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: HRIS Incorporated
Creating a new supplier: HRIS Incorporated

Row 9 : ERROR
"Start Date" cannot be blank
"End Date" cannot be blank
"End Date" cannot be blank
"Contract Value" cannot be blank
"Contract Value" Translation missing: en.errors.not_a_number
"Contract Value" Translation missing: en.errors.not_a_number
"Contract Value" Translation missing: en.errors.not_a_number
Row 10 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Timeshare Travels
Creating a new supplier: Timeshare Travels

Row 10 : OK
Row 11 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Orange Inc.
Creating a new supplier: Orange Inc.

Row 11 : ERROR
"End Date" cannot be blank
"End Date" cannot be blank
Row 12 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: TimeshareTravels
Creating a new supplier: TimeshareTravels

Row 12 : OK
Row 13 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Orange Inc.
Creating a new supplier: Orange Inc.

Row 13 : ERROR
"Contract Value" cannot be blank
"Contract Value" Translation missing: en.errors.not_a_number
"Contract Value" Translation missing: en.errors.not_a_number
"Contract Value" Translation missing: en.errors.not_a_number
Row 14 : Supplier not found by name.
Supplier name from row: Police Box LLC
Creating a new supplier: Police Box LLC

Row 14 : ERROR
"End Date" Translation missing: en.errors.greater_than
